Docs: non-proxied cert renewal (#45695)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/enable-okta-verify-on-windows-using-a-scep-configuration-profile.md

Get-WinEvent -LogName Microsoft-Windows-DeviceManagement-Enterprise-Diagnostics-Provider/Admin -MaxEvents 50
```

## Automatic renewal

> Include `$FLEET_VAR_CERTIFICATE_RENEWAL_ID` in the SubjectName OU of your SCEP profile to opt into auto-renewal. Fleet renews certificates about 30 days before expiration; new profiles deployed without this variable continue to work but renew manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include `$FLEET_VAR_CERTIFICATE_RENEWAL_ID` in the SubjectName OU of your SCEP profile to opt into auto-renewal. Fleet renews certificates about 30 days before expiration; new profiles deployed without this variable continue to work but must be renewed manually.
```
